SRS for Online Project Management Tool 

1. Purpose 
The purpose of this document is to provide a detailed description of the requirement of the Online Project Management tool. 
This documents lists the funtional requirements of the tool. 

2. Objective 
Online Project Managment is a tool to help in managing projects within the organisation. 

3. Functional Requirements 

3.1 Employees, Managers and Stakeholders account creation and management 
	Employees, Managers and Stakeholders can access the portal to create and manage their accounts. 
3.2 Admin Portal 
	Admin portal is to be created for the app. Admin can create and deleter user accounts. 
	Manager and Shareholder roles can only be assigned via the admin portal 
	
3.3 Role based authorisation 
	Users: 
	Users will be able to access functionalities based on their role. 
	Managers: 
	All Managers will be able to add employees to their department.
	All Managers will be able to check performance of employees and provide details of performance based incentives to the accounts team. 
	Project Managers:
	Project manger will be able to create new projects.
	Project Managers will be able to assign and reassign tasks to employees within their team and track the progress of their project. 
	Project managers will be able to schedule team meetings from witin the portal. 
	Delivery Managers: 
	Delivery Managers will be able to track progress of multiple projects. 
	Stake Holders: 
	Stake holders will be able to view progress of their projects and provide feedback on the same. 
	Stake holders will be able to assign tasks to project managers. 
	Stake holder will be able to schedule a meeting with the managers.
	Employees: 
	Employees will be able to view tasks assigned to them along with the due date and provide update on the work done. 
	 	
3.4 Task Notifications 
	Employees will receive a notification in the portal and email when a new task is assigned to them. 
	Employees and managers will receive a notification if task is pending for more than 24 hrs or if the task deadline is within 3 days. 
	Once, meetin is scheduled everyone to be involved in the meeting will be notified. 

